devel/boost-headers misc/kdeplasma-addons4
devel/boost-headers ham/gnuradio-radio-astronomy
devel/boost-headers net/kdenetwork4
devel/boost-headers chat/konversation
devel/boost-headers games/pingus
devel/boost-headers audio/mp3diags
devel/boost-headers cad/librecad
devel/boost-headers ham/usrp
devel/boost-headers net/powerdns-pgsql
devel/boost-headers graphics/hugin
devel/boost-headers devel/kdevplatform
devel/boost-headers graphics/digikam
pkgtools/digest meta-pkgs/boost
devel/boost-headers editors/Sigil
devel/boost-headers databases/mysql-workbench
devel/boost-headers math/cgal
devel/boost-headers net/ktorrent
devel/boost-headers ham/gnuradio-audio-oss
devel/boost-headers games/holtz
devel/boost-headers net/powerdns-recursor
devel/boost-headers devel/vera++
devel/boost-headers net/libktorrent
devel/boost-headers ham/gnuradio-wxgui
devel/boost-headers misc/kdepimlibs4
devel/boost-headers devel/libthrift
devel/boost-headers multimedia/mkvtoolnix
devel/boost-headers net/powerdns-mysql
devel/boost-headers games/scummvm-tools
devel/boost-headers mail/akonadi
devel/boost-jam devel/boost-python
devel/boost-headers devel/boost-python
pkgtools/digest devel/boost-python
devel/boost-headers games/pokerth
pkgtools/digest devel/boost-jam
devel/boost-headers devel/mdds
devel/boost-headers multimedia/gnash
devel/boost-headers ham/gnuradio-usrp
devel/boost-headers games/flightgear
devel/boost-headers security/kgpg
devel/boost-headers games/simgear
devel/boost-headers ham/gnuradio-gsm
devel/boost-headers misc/kdeadmin4
devel/boost-headers audio/bmpx
devel/boost-headers textproc/source-highlight
devel/boost-headers devel/monotone
devel/boost-headers misc/rocs
devel/boost-headers converters/libvisio
devel/boost-jam devel/boost-headers
pkgtools/digest devel/boost-headers
devel/boost-headers print/scribus-qt4
devel/boost-headers misc/kdepim-runtime4
devel/boost-headers net/powerdns-sqlite
devel/boost-headers ham/gnuradio-core-docs
devel/boost-headers inputmethod/ibus-pinyin
devel/boost-headers editors/abiword-plugins
devel/boost-headers ham/gnuradio-trellis
devel/boost-headers devel/kdevelop4
devel/boost-headers cad/openscad
devel/boost-headers textproc/FlightCrew
pkgtools/digest devel/boost-build
devel/boost-headers net/powerdns
devel/boost-headers www/kdewebdev4
devel/boost-headers graphics/panomatic
devel/boost-headers ham/gnuradio-core
devel/boost-headers ham/gnuradio-audio-portaudio
devel/boost-headers ham/gnuradio-video-sdl
devel/boost-headers databases/libcassandra
devel/boost-headers ham/usrp-docs
devel/boost-headers devel/boost-libs
devel/boost-jam devel/boost-libs
pkgtools/digest devel/boost-libs
devel/boost-headers graphics/exiv2-organize
devel/boost-headers geography/merkaartor
devel/boost-headers games/wesnoth
devel/boost-headers x11/kde-workspace4
devel/boost-headers graphics/kipi-plugins
devel/boost-headers math/xylib
pkgtools/digest devel/boost-docs
devel/boost-headers games/alephone
devel/boost-headers ham/gnuradio-examples
devel/boost-headers graphics/enblend-enfuse
devel/boost-headers misc/tellico
devel/boost-headers ham/gnuradio-audio-jack
devel/boost-headers misc/libreoffice
devel/boost-headers misc/kdepim4
devel/boost-headers graphics/aqsis
devel/boost-headers x11/py-kde4
devel/boost-headers net/powerdns-ldap
devel/boost-headers devel/kdesdk4
devel/boost-headers graphics/inkscape
devel/boost-headers graphics/gource
devel/boost-headers math/fityk
devel/boost-headers ham/gnuradio-howto
devel/boost-headers multimedia/mkvtoolnix-old
devel/boost-headers devel/xsd
